NEXT-15111 - Added concept parts for data abstraction layer (#267)
shopware/docs: concepts/framework/data-abstraction-layer.md

Multiple entities or changes to different entities can be stored for one version.
The versioning was designed for previews, publishing or campaign features, to prepare changes that are not yet live
and to be able to view them in the store.

The versioning is also reflected in the database. Entities that are versionable always have a compound foreign key: `id`, `version_id`.
Also the foreign keys, which point to a versioned record, always consist of two columns, e.g.: `product_id` and `product_version_id`.

### Inheritance
Another reason why the DAL was designed is to meet the requirements of the product and variant system.
For this purpose, a parent-child inheritance system was implemented in the DAL. This allows variants to inherit records, properties or even whole associations from the parent or also called container product.
For example, if a variant has not been assigned any categories or images, those of the parent product are used.

### Indexing
The DAL was designed to be optimized for use in e-commerce.
There is one principle that has proven to be very effective so far:

The more time you put into indexing data, the faster it is possible to read it.

> This is reflected in Shopware as follows:

Reviewer: Extra empty line needed, otherwise Gitbook Markdown fails to show a new line.

* A product is written once every X minutes
* A product is called X times every X seconds by a customer.

> This varies depending on the store, but the ratio is always the same. Data records are read many times more often than they are written. Therefore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This varies depending on the store, but the ratio is always the same. Data records are read way more often than they are written. Therefore
```

it is worthwhile to spend a little more time on the writing process in order to minimize the effort required for the reading process.

This is done in the DAL via the Entity Indexer pattern. As soon as a product record is written, the corresponding Product Indexer is triggered, which pre-selects

> certain aggregations and writes them away optimized for the later reading process.

Reviewer: Why new line here?

> This is done in the DAL via the Entity Indexer pattern. As soon as a product record is written, the corresponding Product Indexer is triggered, which pre-selects
> which pre-selects certain aggregations and writes them away optimized for the later reading process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is done in the DAL via the Entity Indexer pattern. As soon as a product record is written, the corresponding Product Indexer is triggered, which pre-selects
certain aggregations and writes them away optimized for the later reading process.
```
